Hey, long time no see.
How's business lately?
You look very good recently.
Recently talked about a
Too modest.
Yo
Rose Goddess
Long time no see
You become beautiful again
Gao Shao is still as sweet as ever
Ha ha
This is
Raymond Lam
Lin Feng is really you
I didn't recognize it at first glance.
This look is definitely tall, rich and handsome.
Yeah, in high school.
I think Lin Feng is a little handsome
Now this looks even more handsome
What is Kaiwei still doing?
Why don't you take Lin Feng to his seat?
It looks quite elegant.
Very handsome indeed
This Armani Haute Couture
I don't know if it's true or not.
Don't forget this, everyone.
Raymond Lam used to be the one following me around.
Poor guy begging me to do my homework to earn money for books
Ling Feng, where are you working now?
If you don't have a job
Tell me anytime
It's no problem to ask for a few children, haha
It doesn't matter where I work.
The important thing is that Brother Feng is very rich now.
You are right, right?
Brother Feng, haha
Not bad, not bad
It will only be enough for women to spend.
Yo
That's humble.
Our President Lin has never spent money on women, right?
This is an endless amount of money to spend on women.
My money is also infinite.